Update billing documentation (#511)
Shopify/shopify-node-api: docs/migrating-to-v6.md

To configure billing, you can now pass in more than one billing plan, and they're indexed by plan name:

<div>Before

```ts
Shopify.Context.initialize({
  // ...
  billing: {
    chargeName: 'My plan',
    amount: 5.0,
    currencyCode: 'USD',
    interval: BillingInterval.Every30Days,
  },
});
```

</div><div>After

```ts
const shopify = shopifyApi({
  // ...
  billing: {
    'My plan': {
      amount: 5.0,
      currencyCode: 'USD',
      interval: BillingInterval.Every30Days,
    },
  },
});
```

</div>

We broke the `Shopify.Billing.check` method up into `shopify.billing.check` and `shopify.billing.request`, as mentioned above:

<div>Before

```ts
const {hasPayment, confirmBillingUrl} = await Shopify.Billing.check({
  session,
  isTest: true,
});

if (!hasPayment) {
  return redirect(confirmBillingUrl);
}
```

</div><div>After

```ts
const hasPayment = await shopify.billing.check({
  session,
  plans: 'My plan',
  isTest: true,
});

if (!hasPayment) {
  const confirmationUrl = await shopify.billing.request({
    session,
    plan: 'My plan',
    isTest: true,
  });
  return redirect(confirmationUrl);
}
```

> Note that when calling `check`, apps can pass in one or more plans, and it will return true if any of them match. The `request` method creates a charge using the given plan's configs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when calling `check`, apps can pass in one or more plans, and it will return true if any of them match. The `request` method creates a charge using the configuration of the given plan name.
```
